chore: updating link to newer viz plugin blog post (#18707)
apache/superset: CONTRIBUTING.md

The topic of authoring new plugins, whether you'd like to contribute
it back or not has been well documented in the

> [Building Custom Viz Plugins in Superset v2 (Updated for Monorepo)](https://preset.io/blog/building-custom-viz-plugins-in-superset-v2) blog post

Reviewer: We now have official docs for this - should we link to the docs or maybe both? https://superset.apache.org/docs/contributing/creating-viz-plugins

> [Building Custom Viz Plugins in Superset v2 (Updated for Monorepo)](https://preset.io/blog/building-custom-viz-plugins-in-superset-v2) blog post

Author: ```suggestion
[the documentation](https://superset.apache.org/docs/contributing/creating-viz-plugins), or [this blog post](https://preset.io/blog/building-custom-viz-plugins-in-superset-v2).
```

Author: @villebro let's do both!

> [the documentation](https://superset.apache.org/docs/contributing/creating-viz-plugins), or [this blog post](https://preset.io/blog/building-custom-viz-plugins-in-superset-v2).

Author: ```suggestion
[the documentation](https://superset.apache.org/docs/contributing/creating-viz-plugins), and in [this blog post](https://preset.io/blog/building-custom-viz-plugins-in-superset-v2).
```
